the last day of vaccination campaign
that should never have been necessary
Poli you was eradicated 25 years ago but
Israel's Relentless war on Gaza has he
brought it
back we went throughout to the dangers
and the threats to help the children and
to get her blessings from Allah Almighty
my message to the world is to move
quickly and save the rest of the
Palestinian children enough is
enough it's been a difficult
job through this campaign the
environmental situation here is very
dangerous as we must have portable water
here and we must get rid of the sewage
and the Wastewater and the streets must
be cleaned of the waste that fills them
there must be more efforts to eliminate
all the threats like the severe shortage
of
food healthcare workers have been
attacked and harassed by Israeli
military personnel on Monday the Israeli
Army stopped the Convoy that included
vehicles and fuel for the vaccination
Campaign World Health Organization
officials say they are confident it's a
three-phase polio vaccination driving
Gaza has hit its Target of immunizing
more than 90% of a children aged under
10 with the strip lay wounds the disease
has spread and most of its
2.4 million residents have been forced
to flee their homes take a refuge in in
crammed and uncenter conditions despite
the relative success of the campaign
scientists fear po could return because
of the widespread destruction and
unsanitary state of the Gaza shrip and
other diseases that could be prevented
by vaccinations such as measles and
rotto virus all now have the potential
to
emerge ibraim Al KH North Gaza Palestine
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer